#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-build.in
#
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cryptography==44.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
filelock==3.18.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
packaging==25.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pytz==2025.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
requests==2.32.3
    # via snowflake-connector-python
snowflake-connector-python==3.12.4
    # via -r requirements-build.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
