#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
click==8.1.7
    # via flask
cryptography==43.0.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via retry2
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
flask==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-sse
flask-sse==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.23.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   gunicorn
    #   marshmallow
    #   snowflake-connector-python
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt==2.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==24.2.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
redis==5.1.1
    # via flask-sse
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sseclient
retry2==0.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-sse
    #   sseclient
snowflake-connector-python==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-sqlalchemy
snowflake-sqlalchemy==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via snowflake-sqlalchemy
sseclient==0.0.27
    # via -r requirements.in
tomlkit==0.13.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   snowflake-connector-python
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements-build.txt
    #   requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
